hi everyone its Danny from orchid nature
so here we have a beautiful Cali orchid
that goes by the name of Kent Leon say
or they look at Lea Rojo now she's a
cross between a granthi or ranty akka
which used to be a cat we actually and
also a Kelly Emma Larry
now there have been some name changes
along the years I'm not sure why but you
can find the circuit both under the name
of LC Rojo or the other one the Caliente
anyway
there aren't many hybrids cataleya
hybrids that do possess this name so
most likely you'll be able to find it
right away now as you can see this
orchid has a beautiful red color to it
there is no purple which is really
really great I really love work is that
our pure red just like the Nellie our
orchid because as you may know most were
kids when they're red they have a purple
hint to them so whenever I see a red
orangish maybe color on an orchid I just
go mental I absolutely love it now this
orchid is pretty compact as you can see
it's not really big and also the
pseudobulbs kind of go pretty plump but
they're not huge it's not a massive
orchid and also the flowers are pretty
tiny as you can see but the SOI kid can
produce a cluster of many many flowers
and if grown correctly and in good
conditions it can produce up to 18 low
flowers like these so imagine that now
my particular orchid was purchased last
year didn't have a brilliant root system
I was forced to cut a lot of the roots
but it made a full recovery she's a very
Hardy orchid and yeah I didn't know what
this was until it bloomed as the person
who sold it to me only said it was an
orange Cattleya hybrid whatever and
since I didn't have any cat Lea's I just
went for it but I am so so happy now I'm
not sure if the colors really appear on
the camera I'm not sure if it does it
any justice the colors are amazing they
seem oversaturated they really do really
amazing colors and if you can see the
lip here it has a nice yellowish color
to it and all
some dots and some veins really nice
details on this Kalia orchid now
fortunately it is not fragrant and
that's a shame but anyway I really don't
care it looks spectacular the color is
great
now the SOI kid was used in many crosses
Kalia crosses because of this red color
and also I have read that previous
hybrids used to be taller they used to
send out a taller flower spike than this
but the newer hybrids are actually more
compact so probably I have a new hybrid
also the older hybrids tended to have a
darker red shade to them in regards to
the new hybrids that have an orangish
color to them so anyway yeah I I think I
do prefer it as you may know orange is
my favorite color so red orange yes it's
a definite winner for me really happy I
got the soy kid yeah it was a blank of
gas I didn't know what this was
so alrighty thank you for watching
hopefully you've enjoyed this orchid I I
do love it and if you see it I do
suggest you get it besides the fact that
it's very Hardy and it's pretty compact
the new hybrids are pretty compact as
you can see the color is just
overwhelming when you see it up front so
yeah thank you guys for watching now you
know how this work it is called I don't
know where you can find it try online
stores not sure if it's easy to find
hybrids so ok if you want to see other
videos don't forget to subscribe to my
channel also if you want to get in touch
with our community and share your
orchids visit or teenager calm and yeah
I'll see you next time bye
you